NICK:
Previously on 19-2...
LAPOINTE: The guy we were
watching disappeared today.
As far as we can tell,
you were the last to see him.
So, anything you forgot
to put in your report?
No.
NICK:
There´s been a serious accident.
He´s okay?
I´m sorry, ma´am.
He died.
Hey.
How do you know where I live?
You wrote me a letter.
Ben Chartier.
Jim Curran,
retired a couple years ago.
-Oh, right.
-I got a couple of friends
who´d like to meet you.
Uh, well, listen,
we´re just on our way --
Apparently you have something
that belongs to them.
Look,
I´ve been threatened here.
What are
we gonna do about it?
Technically, you´ve been asked
to return what you stole.
I didn´t steal anything.
We´ll keep an eye on you,
and you report to us
the second
he gets in contact with you.
No wonder people
want to shoot you!
Assholes!
Ah!
He´s gonna
need to see a doctor.
You´re not gonna look good here,
Richard.
-I got it.
-Thank you.
And if he wants
to make a complaint,
call Station 19.
I´m Officer Pouliot.
I´m Liam.
This is nice.
Ready to make things right?
-What do you think you´re doing?
-It´s not complicated.
BEN: I´ve got nothing
that belongs to you
or your friends.
-Stop right there.
-Oh, yeah?
I cut up your shit,
and I put it into the river.
It´s gone,
and you can tell
your fucking friends that.
You´re not protected from this,
even if you´re a fucking cop.
I´m telling you.
Yeah, you come near me again
and I won´t hesitate, okay?
It won´t be me.
And if anything happens
to my partner or anybody else,
I´m coming for you.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Horns honking ]
-Hey, honey.
-Hey.
[ Man speaks indistinctly ]
Hey.
You want a date?
Did you just solicit me?
Fuck you.
Stop right there.
Hands where I can see ´em.
What?
You see that?
You just solicited a cop.
-What-- hey!
-Two steps back, now.
Look, I´m sorry, okay?
[ Scoffs ]
What is this?
[ Sighs ] Come on.
Is this cocaine?
Don´t be a prick, okay?
A prick?
You know what
I could charge you with?
Yeah, well --
Look, I can´t get arrested,
all right?
My mom thinks
I´m going to school out here.
You think
she really thinks that, huh?
You, going to school?
I don´t want to go to jail.
I´ve never been arrested
in my entire life, so...
please.
I could make it right.
Could I?
[ Children laughing,
conversing in distance ]
Mm...
Hey.
[ Exhales sharply ]
You sleep?
Move over.
I´m glad you stayed.
Mm.
Do you have to go?
No.
[ Moans softly ]
[ Both exhaling sharply ]
[ Moaning ]
[ Crying ]
-Hey, hey, hey...
-[ Crying ] I´m sorry.
It´s okay. It´s okay.
It´s all right.
[ Whimpers ]
I´m right here.
It´s okay.
[ Crying ]
It just comes out of me.
[ Siren wailing ]
WOMAN: Copy, 19-2.
[ Panting ]
[ Car door opens ]
[ Car door shuts ]
We´re not supposed to be
talking.
So why´d you come?
I´m like that.
What do you think I know?
How much shit I´m in.
[ Chuckles ]
You still on duty?
Yeah.
Well, you´re in less shit
than me.
They cut me off my cases.
Might as well be a patroller.
I didn´t know.
I heard you were approached.
I thought you were cut off.
My career´s on the line.
I need to know.
Why´d you do it?
BEN:
Drug dealers get ripped off.
All the time.
Do you guys usually
start your suspect list
with the surveillance unit?
Not usually, no.
But Internal´s involved.
Suspecting cops is what they do.
They´re looking at me.
I left post.
Why did you?
LAPOINTE:
If I could tell you that,
I wouldn´t be mired
in shit right now, would I?
It´s nothing to do with this.
Nothing´s normal.
This is...
not the way things work.
Who´s behind it?
Outsiders.
Looking to take over
Ciarelli´s turf.
From where?
Toronto.
Does it matter?
Italians?
TOC, Officer.
Traditional Organized Crime.
Are we in danger?
Well, I wasn´t approached.
So I am?
If I was you, I´d, um...
I´d bring my gun home.
[ Cries ]
You know,
when my sister died,
after,
maybe a month or two...
I thought I could handle it.
[ Voice breaking ] Yeah.
I was in this grocery store,
not thinking about anything.
And...
I saw these ice cream cones.
The kind my mom would buy
when we were kids.
And, uh...
I just lost it.
I dropped my basket
right there on the floor and...
tears just...
[ Exhales deeply ]
[ Sighs ]
I remember seeing
this old Chinese lady
just staring at me.
She was in shock.
She´d never seen
a black man crying, I guess.
[ Chuckles ]
So I get it.
Okay?
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Shit.
He said he´d take him
straight to school.
The purple one or...?
I don´t know which one
they were.
What are you doing here?
-He left his iPad.
-So what?
He´s going to school!
He wants it for after.
Hey, you must be Junior.
Who´s he?
Hi, I´m Nick.
I´m a friend of your mom´s.
Come on. Upstairs.
I´ll help you find it.
Sorry to barge in.
So, what do you do, hm?
I´m a cop.
Is that right?
This is good.
You bring this?
Yeah, it´s, uh...
from the spot
down on Clark and Rachel.
My son used to love barbecue.
The dead one.
The one you cops ran over.
Here it is.
Why is he here?
He´s a good guy, Antoine.
He´s a friend.
[ Sighs ]
I don´t wanna go to school.
Hey.
Come here.
You know I love you, right?
-Right?
-Yeah.
Hey.
I think I should...
Yeah.
-I´ll deal with Junior.
-Okay.
Nice to meet you, Antoine.
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Groans ]
Martine?
How come
you don´t text me back?
Oh, I did.
Stop using iMessage.
I don´t have an iPhone.
BEN: [ Scoffs ] What´s up?
Uh, can you give me a lift?
Sure, where?
To buy some groceries.
Of course.
MARTINE:
I can come by your place.
I´m at Vendôme metro right now.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, you stay there.
I´ll, uh --
I´ll come get you.
You, uh...
you shouldn´t be around here
right now, okay?
Okay, hang tight.
[ Door opens, closes ]
-So...
-Yeah.
So what do you think, man?
Think this should just be --
You know what I´m sayin´?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-You know what I´m sayin´?
-Hey, hey!
-What´s up, bro?
-What´s up? You good?
-Yeah. Good.
JUNIOR: Good. Good.
[ Man laughs ]
[ Engine starts ]
My main man, what´s up?
[ Horn honks ]
MARTINE: So, what kind of shit
are you in?
Same shit as before,
I guess.
Yeah.
The Inspector
did a lot of damage.
Fucking bitch.
So, you, um,
find a new place yet?
Still in my shithole.
Hey, we´ll find you something.
I don´t know
if I´m gonna stick around.
Why? You got some place to go?
My mom was from Hamilton.
I´ve never been,
so I might check it out.
Family there?
I have a cousin.
I don´t know her, but...
I thought about
going to Kingston.
Why?
To hang around a prison?
I decided not to.
I don´t want to see him.
You know, it´s not so bad here.
[ Engine starts ]
-Thanks for the groceries.
-You´re welcome.
This is ridiculous.
Yeah.
You might as well relax
and enjoy the fresh air.
They put solos back out.
They really need two of us
to do this?
TYLER: Apparently they do.
What the hell else
you got to do anyway, man?
Get over yourself, kid.
I´m gonna take a walk.
Let me know if you find
any dead bodies.
-Unbelievable.
-What?
The weather.
It´s supposed to be
snowing again tomorrow,
and then hot and sunny
on Thursday.
What about the weekend?
Beautiful with a chance of hail.
[ Exhales sharply ]
The weather in this place.
[ Horn honks ]
-Hey!
-We brought you some coffee.
-Thank you.
Right on time.
So what,
this is just an empty grave.
-That´s it?
-Uh, yeah.
Neighbor across the street
phoned it in,
and said
it wasn´t there last night,
but it´s here now.
I think it´s creepy.
TYLER: Mm-hmm.
All right, see you later.
-Later!
-See you later!
TYLER: 19-4.
Dulac, what´s your 20?
We got coffee for you here
getting cold,
so get your ass back here.
NICK:
I ran into Farah´s ex.
Asshole written all over him.
-He´s got a record, right?
-Mm-hmm.
No arrest in years, though.
Well, maybe he straightened out.
Not with the company he keeps.
Something about the van?
It´s been behind us for a while.
Okay, maybe not.
All right, what is it?
Talk to me.
An ex-cop, Curran.
He was outside my place.
-What´d he say?
-He said your name.
-And Audrey´s.
-Jesus.
These guys don´t know where
to draw the line, man.
Look, you´re a cop,
all right?
No one´s gonna fuck
with you.
I told him.
I told him that
the drugs are gone
and that he can tell
his friends that.
What the fuck, Ben? Why?
Why would you do that?
Because they get nothing
from me.
Nothing.
[ Scoffs ]
You are not thinking straight,
my man.
BEN: Yes, I am.
[ Police radio chatter ]
Do you want kids?
Where´s this coming from?
I don´t know.
Can´t wait forever.
Have ´em young, get it done.
Yeah, that is a great reason
to make more human beings.
No, I don´t think I will.
Really?
-Tick-tick-tick-tick-tick --
-Shut up!
You think about these things!
No, I really don´t!
-What is up with you?
-Nothing.
Nothing, I´m just...
I´m just...
wondering where I´m going.
BEATRICE:
You wondering about Owen?
Oh, no,
I´m so done with that.
-So you met somebody new?
-No.
-And you didn´t tell me?
-I did not meet somebody new.
Mm-hmm.
Something is up with you.
Buying a nest,
knitting little booties...
Fuck off.
[ Both laugh ]
That´s really motherly.
Oh, yeah,
there we go, huh?
Ahh...
WOMAN: 19-4?
Infinitely at your service,
ma´am.
WOMAN: You are requested
to hold the scene
until further notice.
Then that´s what we´re doing.
WOMAN: I think they mean
further notice will be a while.
Well, thank you.
Thank you very much
for that heads-up.
You are too good to us.
Might as well have a seat, rook.
It´s gonna be a while.
Hey, Sarge,
do you really need two bodies
going into overtime
guarding an open hole?
Hey, Sarge,
if the rook wants to book,
let him go.
I don´t need him anyway.
SUAREZ:
Dulac, go ahead and book off.
There you go,
you got what you wanted.
It´s all good, rookie.
Everything is under control.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
SUAREZ:
Anyone up for an organ run?
Package coming into the airport
in an hour.
BEN: What do you say, Nick?
NICK: I can´t today.
Where´s it going?
General, I think.
Yeah, General.
Yeah, I´ll volunteer, sure.
I know it´s charity,
no overtime.
I´ll go with her.
Here´s the forms.
AUDREY:
No, you don´t have to.
BEN:
No, it beats sitting at home.
-Let´s go.
-Okay.
I´ll call you later.
It´s a heart.
From a male.
Doesn´t say how old he was.
It would be weird
to have some dead guy´s heart.
Well, someone´s lucky
to have it.
AUDREY: Yeah.
Did they give
Amélie´s organs away?
No.
Her heart had already stopped
when they found her.
Yeah, same with J.M.
Um...
-About the hospital, uh--
-What about the hospital?
AUDREY: Uh...
If there´s a particular doctor
working...
-Yeah.
-Um...
do you think you can give me
a bit of time?
You asking me to be your wingman
right now?
No! No, God, no.
No, keep your distance,
if that´s okay.
If that´s okay.
Yeah, sure.
[ Laughs ]
I´d like to meet Theo.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
All right,
when he comes back to town,
we´ll go for breakfast
at Cosmos.
Mmm!
Six-egg omelet.
Yeah.
What´s he taking?
Economics.
Lot of math, actually.
-He get that from you?
-[ Laughs ]
-Definitely not.
So do you know a guy named
Samuel Delacroix?
I don´t think so. Why?
I saw him hanging with Junior
the other day.
Real friendly with Antoine.
I take it he´s a criminal?
Yeah, a pretty serious one.
Robs trucks,
pharmaceutical labs...
He´s a bad dude.
Antoine shouldn´t be hanging
with people like that.
I mean, you cut him off
for a reason, Farah.
And I let him back
for one too, Nick.
[ Scoffs ] Goddamn Junior.
Just had to tell you.
WOMAN: Dr. Lapnis to the E.R.
Dr. Lapnis.
Tell me that´s my heart.
Straight off the plane.
Wait here,
I need you to sign.
Okay.
[ Indistinct conversations,
baby crying ]
So, um...
you got this?
Mm-hmm.
[ Man coughs ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Excuse me.
Can I help you?
Yeah, I´m looking
for a doctor named Liam.
Mm-hmm.
WOMAN: Dr. Bernard
to the emergency desk.
Dr. Bernard to
the emergency desk, please.
You have a visitor.
I´m sorry.
It won´t be a minute.
No, I think I got
a bit of time.
Got any decent coffee
around here?
It´s a hospital.
-Hey there.
-Hey, Dr. Bernard.
What´d you bring us today?
Organ delivery
from the airport.
Aren´t you
the good Samaritan?
Hey, are you looking for
the Ouellets?
No, I´m looking for coffee.
They...went somewhere to eat,
they told me they´d be back.
I´m afraid something happened.
I´m sure they´ll turn up.
Their kid got out of surgery
two hours ago.
This is really not like them.
-Could you check?
-Yeah. Yeah.
What are their names?
It´s, uh, Joe Ouellet
and Gabrielle Fortier.
Thanks.
So, where are we going?
Uh, show you our new caf.
Wow, that´s exciting.
It´s the little things
that brighten up your day.
BEN: It´s Chartier.
I´m at the General.
We got any reports of
accidents in the vicinity?
WOMAN:
What are we looking for?
Got a couple missing parents.
WOMAN: I have a disturbance
at the Pink Pearl buffet,
Guy and Lincoln.
Male and female
in a screaming match.
I´m gonna head over there now.
Pouliot, you good to handle
things at the General?
Yeah. Yeah, copy that.
-Which way are we going?
-Oh, oh, this way.
Yeah.
So, how much time
does that give you?
Plenty, actually.
WOMAN: Dr. Bernard,
urgent to Trauma Room 4.
I´ll cut it off with Junior.
I think we should
take some time, too.
I don´t want Antoine thinking
I´m doing it because of you.
You´re not.
I´ll call you.
I need some time.
Farah.
Maybe it´s better
if he blames me.
This is my family, Nick.
You´re not part of it.
YOUNG NICK:
I´m not staying here!
WOMAN: Fine.
Go find somewhere else to live,
then.
I´ll stay with my dad.
You do that, Nick.
You talk to him about it.
I did talk to him.
He said he´s getting
a new place.
Your father is a liar.
I´m sorry, but it´s true.
This is your home now.
You´re gonna have
a baby sister!
I don´t want a sister!
You should have
an abortion!
-[ Screams ]
-Stop it.
You´re drunk! Stop it!
Police! Police!
Calm down. Calm down.
Sir, step back.
Step back for me.
Yeah, sure, right,
calm down.
You know what?
Forget it.
-I´m done.
-You can´t do this!
BEN: Calm down.
Miss, calm down.
Calm down.
-You bastard!
-Calm down.
Ma´am, Look at me.
GABRIELLE: I´m fine.
I don´t need help.
I´ve just come
from the hospital.
-Are you Gabrielle?
-Oh, my God.
-Is she okay?
-She´s okay.
She just got out of surgery.
They´ve been looking for you.
You should come with me.
-What time is it?
-It´s about 5:15.
Jesus fuck,
I´m such an idiot.
I have to get back.
BEN: Are you okay?
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Um, I need to clean up.
Okay.
Can --
can you stay with me?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
I can´t believe
he just did that.
We were just gonna talk
and --
He´ll, uh --
he´ll cool down.
No.
He´s leaving me.
He´s moving to Calgary,
the son of a bitch.
He´s just gonna leave his kid?
GABRIELLE: Emma´s been sick
since she was born.
It´s wrecked everything.
12 operations,
pills, therapy...
Everything´s just awful
all the time.
You have kids?
Um...not yet.
Pray you don´t get a sick one.
Where´s Joe?
He´s leaving me.
Aw, fuck.
Is she awake?
Yeah, yeah.
She´s in here.
God, what an asshole.
I shouldn´t judge.
Look at you!
You look good, huh?
[ Laughs ]
How are you feeling,
sweetie?
[ Monitor beeping ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Beeping continues ]
[ Mouthing ] Thank you.
Hey.
Come with me.
WOMAN: Blood pressure holding,
heart rate´s steady.
-Blood pressure rising.
-I´m giving him another dose.
WOMAN: Coming down.
Blood pressure steady.
Heart rate steady.
MAN: Mr. Demarco?
This is the officer
who brought in the heart.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Thank you so much.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
We´ve been waiting.
Is it happening right now?
MAN: Yeah, I´ll show you
where you can wait.
Good luck.
AUDREY: There you are.
That took a while.
Yeah, I was in surgery.
-Were you now?
-Mm-hmm.
-It was fucking brilliant.
-Yeah?
Yeah, with all the blood
and shit and...
MAN:
I´m going to get a coffee.
-You want something?
-Yeah. Black.
You´re still here?
Waiting for you.
You´re my bodyguard now?
You keep getting into shit
when I leave you alone.
What are you doing?
Who´s this?
NICK: [ Sighs ]
He´s a friend of Junior´s,
Farah´s ex.
I´ve seen him hanging out
with Antoine.
Well, that´s not good
for the kid.
Did you tell Farah?
It´s not right
it should be on her.
I can´t just stand by
and let her lose another kid.
Well,
you´re dating the guy´s ex.
You can´t touch him.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
DULAC: [ Moaning ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Spits ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Sighs ]
How much does that cost?
$60.
[ Chuckles ]
I look that dumb?
Then why´d you ask?
To see if you´d lie.
Well, the fine
I´m letting you out of
is a lot more than that,
anyway.
Yeah, you´re a real prince.
Why are you here?
I...
I had a boyfriend
who beat the shit out of me,
and my mom said
to suck it up.
I should´ve listened.
Okay.
Look...
Anyone gives you
any trouble now,
you know a cop.
Okay?
My name´s...
Richard.
[ Police radio chatter ]
TYLER: I keep telling you
don´t bring me this stuff.
You see this stuff right here?
This stuff right here
is bad for my figure.
-[ Laughs ]
-Mm-hmm.
But it´s good for the soul.
[ Laughs ]
Mm. I like that.
You taught me that.
Really?
Yeah.
Hey, what´s all this bullshit
about you retiring?
Well, everybody´s
got to someday, right?
Why put it off?
No.
It isn´t time yet.
Hm.
What about you?
When you putting back in
for sergeant?
It´s where you belong.
It means leaving everybody.
-Leaving 19.
-Mm-hmm.
Like I said,
everybody´s got to some day.
Hey, hey!
Come help!
It´s stuck in the sewer!
What´s stuck in the sewer?
[ Cat meows ]
It´s a cat. Listen.
I couldn´t budge it.
All right, let´s go see
what´s going on here.
Mm-hmm.
All right. Here you go.
[ Grunts ]
She had kittens.
She sure did.
All right.
Here we go.
I´m coming for you.
[ Cat meows ]
-Oh, let´s go, let´s go.
-Oh, Mama!
-[ Grunts ]
-Come here.
All right, who´s next?
-Do you mind?
-I can take her for you.
Hey, little guy.
-Come on.
-Oh!
-Hi, little guy!
-All right.
Now I´m gonna go for you.
All right.
Don´t worry, I´m coming!
Don´t worry! Don´t worry.
Attaboy.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Horn honks ]
-Oh!
-Hey, I´m sorry about that.
That´s my fault.
You okay?
-It´s all right.
-You all right?
Leave me alone.
Hey, you sure you´re okay?
You look like
you´re on something.
-Really?
-You on something, sir?
Come here.
Come with me.
Does it look like
I´m on something?
Hey, come on, come with me.
We don´t have a problem.
Put your hands up
on the glass, please.
Yo, you got no right
to do this, man.
Hey, man,
this will just take a second.
I´m just gonna pat you down.
You got anything sharp
in your pockets,
anything that´s gonna hurt me?
JUNIOR: You serious?
Just gonna go
into your pocket here.
Quick grab.
JUNIOR: Aw, come on, man.
BEN: Sir, what is this?
It´s not mine.
-I asked you what it is, sir.
-I said it´s not mine.
I´m gonna ask you one more time.
What do you have
in your pocket here, sir?
-It´s nicotine.
-It´s nicotine?
Nicotine?
Nicotine patches,
is that it?
Sir, that´s Fentanyl.
Hands behind your back.
Both of them behind your back.
JUNIOR: You can´t do this.
GENDRON: Chartier.
You were in booking?
I ran into something,
had to make an arrest.
-What?
-Fentanyl.
-100 patches.
-Jesus.
With me.
What´s up?
Jim Curran
was killed tonight.
How?
In his car.
Two guys on a motorcycle.
Professional hit.
-They killed a cop.
-An ex-cop.
It´s over the line.
We´re putting you
and Detective Lapointe
under protection.
You´re not
going home tonight.
[ Knock on door ]
FARAH: What?
Junior was arrested tonight.
What have you done?
He was carrying opioids.
That´s what he was
exposing Antoine to.
I was dealing with it, Nick!
He´s a criminal.
He got caught.
I didn´t know he was gonna
be carrying like he was.
But you decided to look.
I´m trying to protect you.
You have no right!
I don´t need a cop.
I needed someone I could trust!
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Cries ]
[ Elevator whirs ]
Ben?
I just brought some laundry.
[ Gasps ]
Who the fuck are you?
-Who the fuck are you?
-[ Gun cocks ]
MARTINE: [ Whimpers ]
-Who the fuck are you?!
-[ Whimpering ]
You know the cop?
Mm-hmm.
MAN: "Mm-hmm" what?
He lives here.
Not for long.
[ Crying ]